
Chaos Dungeons to-do list.

monsters that give mute?
make every class an unique experience
fix climbing
need the mad scribe!
Could possibly use more elemental spells.
remove "burn scrolls" -done, but not enough fire now?
better example for forced beginning of turn actions.
Describe teleportation in Manual (what if multiple players teleport at once?)
lvl 6 needs dragon

style guide:

lower "floor" means going down. lower "level" means going up.
"Monsters" come out of the Monster Deck. In combat "enemy" refers to a monster if you're a player, a player if you're a monster. All entities in a fight are "combatants."
combatants have "combat" actions, but engage in "battle."
"Gold coins", not "gold pieces".
"X takes damage equal to your Y"
there is no reference to "rounds" in combat. the combatants just take turns acting.
It's "status ailments", not "status changes" or "status effects".
"fire (F)", not "F (fire)"
There are no elements, just different damage types: fire, cold, acid, lightning, poison, draining, gaze.
"Roll X with Y. If you lose..." "Roll X with target Y. If you fail..."

IDEAS:
monster than prevents magic
monster that takes your spell and casts it.

golden fleece
weapon of blinding (evil eye dies when blind)?
phlogiston elemental/golem?

From Rahul:
withering willow
demon that raises the dead.
corruption - gain gold, but lose mind?
fight personifications of the seven deadly sins.
gluttony: drink all your potions
wrath: you berserk
sloth:continue the fight next turn
greed; sell some stuff at low value
envy: a random opponent gets an item

eldritch abomination
item that is a potion with multiple uses.
harpys claw out your eyes.
monster like "red mold" in nethack that doesn't do anything until you attack it. (maybe a humanoid like this)
spell that curses the caster.
weapons adding status. armour with "starts with" or "can trigger" status.
Item/character ability that helps you steal from a shop.

FROM PAGE OF IDEAS:
Item that lets you go twice in combat
Room - Mysterious Lever
Sword that does more damage when you are close to death.
Sword that drains life for you.
Wierd effect that mixes up stats
Cursed item that gives you random status effects
Kangaroo that boxes you
Magic Carpet
Monster takes and casts PC's spell
More "brawn" characters
"evil" enemies from other character types
unidentified scroll/potion merchant
Item - while wearing this you can cast spells, discard scroll to draw spell.
Monster that returns to max HP
Spell that heals both players and monsters
Add items that give magic casting power.
Cursed item that makes you berserk.
Color shifted ogre. (purple?)
Spell that rotates line of tiles off the map and onto other side
comfortable trellis

Alligator, Axe, Cutlass, Daggerx2, Dirk, Swordx4, Knifex2, Epee, Bladex2, Stiletto, Scimitar, Rapier, Katana, 2-h Sword, 3-h Sword
Mace, Hammer, Morningstar, Spear, Staffx2, Lance, Polearm, Flail, Nunchaku, Club
